Pontus Nellgård Individual reflection 
Week 1 
What I did: 
I joined Team Phish.
I pitched an idea that’s been floating about since a course 3 years ago regarding an interconnected “energy-internet” in which greenly produced energy can be distributed where needed and stored using, for example, hydrogen or pumping water up a dam. 
The application would consist mostly of graph-theory and trying to balance imbalances (optimization).
The idea was however scrapped in favour of an environmental impact calculator as the goal-setting was clearer. 
I have participated and lead several discussions on how to structure the work. 
I have created a Trello SCRUM board as well as create and write most of the social contract. 
I found most of the KPIs and ensured that there was a discussion about them. 
I have also undertaken the role of Team Documenter as I am good at writing and have some previous experience similar to that of a secretary in a startup. 

What I enjoyed:
I have some experience working in a SCRUM setting which made it easy for me to undertake the leadership role and it seemed very appreciated as they seem great at programming but have little team experience. 

What I found difficult:
I have plenty of leadership experience but might be lacking very slightly in hard-core programming. I have had many courses and had it as a hobby for 2 years but lack large-scale experience. I am not particularly worried as we will likely be working in JavaFX which I am familiar with.
The most difficult part is of course not being able to meet in person. This I think might lead to misunderstandings if discussions and instructions are not clear.

What really worked: 
I have plenty of leadership experience and feel that I bring a lot of structural experience. This said I feel the discussions worked extremely well over Discord and everyone could easily discuss their points. 

Next time:
I will try to steer the group in the direction of beginning with user stories and deeper into the SCRUM work routine (which we have not yet discussed in lectures). 
